Allow generation of a subset of ECS and custom schema fields (#737)
elastic/ecs: CHANGELOG.next.md

* ECS scripts now use Python 3.6+. #674
* schema_reader.py now reliably supports chaining reusable fieldsets together. #722

> * A subset of fields to render can be defined. #737

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Allow the artifact generator to consider and output only a subset of fields. #737
```
